# File size limitation

## <span style="font-weight: 400;">Codacy Cloud file size limitation</span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">Codacy cloud currently does not analyze
files that are above 150 KB in size. Larger files are not taken into
account when grading your repository or displayed on Codacy.</span>

## <span style="font-weight: 400;">Why is there a limit?</span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">As part of our performance improvement
measures, we spent time breaking down our total time it takes to analyze
a file and found that a large percentage was focused on files that did
not add value to our users. Those files tend to be the biggest in the
repository and mostly generated by or dependent on a third-party. It
increased analysis time significantly due to the file size and even
resulted in time-outs at some point, preventing the real issues from
being flagged. </span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">As a solution to this problem, we placed
a size limit to the files that Codacy would analyze. This decreased the
average analysis time and the number of timeouts hence improving overall
performance for our users.</span>

## <span style="font-weight: 400;">What if I really need a file analyzed that is over this limit</span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">While Codacy will discard your file by
default, you can still have it analyzed using our </span>[<span
style="font-weight: 400;">CLI</span>](https://support.codacy.com/hc/en-us/articles/360008254833-Run-local-analysis-and-Push-results)<span
style="font-weight: 400;"> and running the analysis locally. CLI does
not have a set timeout or any limitation on file size, so you will be
able to have your files analyzed this way.</span>

## <span style="font-weight: 400;">What about Self-hosted instances:</span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">By default, Codacy Self-hosted has the
same limit of 150 KB as our Cloud version but it’s configurable because
the resource allocation for on-premise instances is left up to each
organization.</span>

<span style="font-weight: 400;">The change can be done on the
Configuration panel:</span>

![Screen\_Shot\_2019-06-27\_at\_16.47.18.png](https://support.codacy.com/hc/article_attachments/360040986773/Screen_Shot_2019-06-27_at_16.47.18.png)  
  
  
